Acd 693 (#44)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Fulfillment/UserInterface/02a_Connections.md

# Connections (Logging)

*Fulfillment > Logging > Tab CONNECTIONS*

![List of intents](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/Logging/ListIntents.png "[List of intents]")

> [comment]: <> (Screenshot aus NoE, da keine Intents in Sandbox angezeigt. I.O. so?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Denke, das passt so. Habe noch schnell die "MNS" rausgeschnitten - jetzt dürfte nichts mehr auf Nintendo hindeuten.

        - ![Save](../../Assets/Icons/Save.png "[Save]") save  
            Click this entry to save the current view settings in the selected view. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected.

            > [Info] When the settings of a view have been changed, an asterisk is displayed next to the view name. The asterisk is hidden as soon as the changes have been saved.

        - ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") delete  
            Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window to confirm the deletion is displayed. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected.

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- ![Filter](../../Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)   
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The *x* indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

- [x]     

>     Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar. Only one intent can be selected at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar. You can only select one checkbox at a time.
```

- [![Show message](../../Assets/Icons/ShowMessage.png "[Show message]") SHOW MESSAGE]  

>     Click this button to display the message(s) contained in the selected intent. This button is only displayed if a single checkbox in the list of intents is selected. Alternatively, you can click directly a row in the list to view an intent. The *List of messages* view is displayed, see [List of messages](#list-of-messages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click this button to display the message(s) contained in the selected intent. This button is only displayed if a single checkbox in the list of intents is selected. Alternatively, you can click directly a row in the list to display an intent. The *List of messages* view is displayed, see [List of messages](#list-of-messages).
```

The list displays all intents. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *Name*  
    Description of the intent.

- *Number of messages*  
    Number of messages contained in the intent.

- *Created at*  
    Date and time of the creation.

- *Created by*  
    Name and username of the user who created the intent.  

- *Max log level of message*  

>     Maximal log level type of the message(s) contained in the intent. The following levels are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Maximum log level type of the message(s) contained in the intent. The following levels are available:
```

  - **Debug**
  - **Info**
  - **Notice**
  - **Warning**
  - **Error**
  - **Critical**
  - **Alert**
  - **Emergency**

- *ID*  
    Intent identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system.

- *Short preview*  
    First 30 characters of the log message.

- *Preview*  
    Complete log message.

## List of messages

*Fulfillment > Logging > Tab CONNECTIONS > Select an intent*

![List of messages](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/Logging/ListMessages.png "[List of messages]")

**List of messages**

- ![Back](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)   

>     Click this button to close the *List of messages* view and return to the list of intents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click this button to close the *List of messages* view and return to the list of intents. All changes are rejected.
```

> - ![Unpublish](../../Assets/Icons/Unpublish02.png "[Unpublish]")  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ![Unpublish](../../Assets/Icons/Unpublish02.png "[Unpublish]") (Download)
```

> - ![Unpublish](../../Assets/Icons/Unpublish02.png "[Unpublish]")  
>     Click this to download the message.
> 
> [comment]: <> (Warhscheinlich bug - sollte ausgeblendet werden laut SW. Evtl. löschen?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ![Unpublish](../../Assets/Icons/Unpublish02.png "[Unpublish]")  (Download)    
    Click this button to download the displayed log message.

[comment]: <> (Warhscheinlich bug - sollte ausgeblendet werden laut SW. Evtl. löschen?)
```
erst löschen, wenn nicht mehr angezeigt wird. Solange entsprechenden Hinweis und ggf. Bug-Ticket erstellen

> - ![View](../../Assets/Icons/Eye02.png "[View]")  
>     Click this button to view the message details. Alternatively, you can click directly a row in the list to display the details of the log message. The *Detail of log message "Log message title"* view is displayed, see [Detail of log message "Log message title"](#detail-of-log-message-log-message-title). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ![View](../../Assets/Icons/Eye02.png "[View]")  (View)   
    Click this button to display the details of the log message. Alternatively, you can click directly a row in the list to display the details of the log message. The *Detail of log message "Log message title"* view is displayed, see [Detail of log message "Log message title"](#detail-of-log-message-log-message-title). 
```

> The list displays all messages contained in the selected intent. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list displays all log messages of the selected intent. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.
```

- *Title*  

>     Description of the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Title of the log message.
```

- *Log level*  

>     Log level type. The following levels are available:
>   - **Debug**
>   - **Info**
>   - **Notice**
>   - **Warning**
>   - **Error**
>   - **Critical**
>   - **Alert**
>   - **Emergency**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Log level type. The following options are available:
  - **Debug**
  - **Info**
  - **Notice**
  - **Warning**
  - **Error**
  - **Critical**
  - **Alert**
  - **Emergency**
```
Einrückung!

- *Created at*  
    Date and time of the creation.

- *Created by*  

>     Name and username of the user who created the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Name and username of the user who created the message. If the message was created automatically by the system, this field is empty.
```

- *Message*  

>     Details of the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Detailed log message to the intent.
```

- *ID*  

>     Message identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Log message identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system.
```

### Detail of log message "Log message title"

*Fulfillment > Logging > Tab CONNECTIONS > Select an intent > Select a log message*

![List of messages](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/Logging/DetailLogMessageAttributes.png "[List of messages]")

- ![Back](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)   
    Click this button to close the *Detail of log message "Log message title"* view and return to the list of messages.

- [CANCEL]  
    Click this button to close the *Detail of log message "Log message title"* view. The list of messages is displayed.

- Message  
    Description of the log message.

### Detail of log message "Log message title" &ndash; Attributes

*Fulfillment > Logging > Tab CONNECTIONS > Select an intent > Select a log message > Tab Attributes*

![Detail Log Message Attributes](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/Logging/DetailLogMessageAttributes.png "[Detail Log Message Attributes]")

> The *Attributes* tab displays further details of the selected log message. Depending on the message type, the assigned attributes, and therefore the fields displayed, may vary. All fields are read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Attributes* tab displays further details of the selected log message. Depending on the attribute set of the log message, the displayed fields vary. All fields are read-only.
```

> The *Attributes* tab displays further details of the selected log message. Depending on the message type, the assigned attributes, and therefore the fields displayed, may vary. All fields are read-only.
> 
> In general, the most common attribute sets are the standard error log message attribute set and the API communication attribute set. The fields of these sets are described in the following. Furthermore, it is possible to create a custom log message attribute set with different fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Attributes* tab displays further details of the selected log message. Depending on the attribute set of the log message, the displayed fields vary. All fields are read-only.

In general, the most common attribute sets are the standard error log message attribute set and the API communication attribute set. The fields of these sets are described in the following. Furthermore, it is possible to create a custom log message attribute set with different fields.
```

- [x]     
    Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar. If you click the checkbox in the header, all dependent entities in the list are selected. 

The list displays all dependencies of the selected log message. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only. 

- *Dependent entity ID*   
    Identification number of the dependent entity. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system. 

- *Dependent entity type*   
    Type of the dependent entity. 

- *Change tracking mode*   
    Change tracking mode (ETL mode) of the dependent entity. The following options are available:
    - **Manual**
    - **Semi-automatic**
    - **Semi-automatic, changes must be confirmed by another user**   
    - **Automatic**

- *Dependent entity friendly identifier*   
    Descriptive name of the dependent entity. The friendly identifier is normally used to search for the entity in the user interface, for example, a reference number or an SKU.

- [RERUN MAPPING]   
    Click this button to rerun the mapping of the selected entity. This button is only displayed if the checkbox of at least one dependency is selected.	

>     > [Info] If no dependent entities exist, the *No other entities depend on this entity* notice is displayed.

Reviewer: s.o.
